Multi-role documentation improvements (#7040)
mesosphere/marathon: docs/docs/multirole.md

}
```

> You can see that the new pod instance has the new role, `dev`, while the old pod instance continues to have the old role, `slave_public`. Moving forward, all new instances of the bigbusiness pod will receive the new role, `dev`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see that the new pod instance has the new role, `dev`, while the old pod instance continues to have the old role, `slave_public`. Moving forward, all new instances of the bigbusiness pod will be launched with the new role, `dev`.
```
